so this gun has made out of
pretty much all found materials
the spirit self made out of a
piece of steel rod has a simple
but effective
barb here to keep the fish from
wriggling off and escaping the
other end of the spear has these
little grooves filed into the
end of it that fit into a
trigger meat out of a found
rusty nail it locks in there
like that then the piece of
inner tube with wire attached to
the end it's into a group like
that
this is locked and loaded
hairpin trigger amazing time to
put my homemade weapon to the
test
spearfishing is a complex
combination of skills that
requires breath control extreme
concentration and excellent
hand-eye coordination
yeah
and just one element out of sync
can make the whole enterprise
impossible
you just get to see anything
when your goggles fill up with
water i'm still working out the
bugs with my new boggles these
are constructed from a single
piece of hand-carved wood and a
section of window glass and are
custom made for each individual
diver they're designed to last
under these waters and mine are
now doing their job but the fish
I'm coming across our small and
fast and extremely hard to hit
trying to go down and stocking
fish can hold your breath
everything just gets frustrating
down there i need to remember to
relax like the Baja
they are the best divers I've
ever known often starting before
they can walk and improving long
into old age their ability under
water has been compared to sea
otters and nothing distracts
them from their ultimate target